Update issue links to be more inline with current issue templates (#99)
Chatterino/wiki: docs/Help.md

Having issues with Chatterino or need general assistance? Check the below troubleshooting below corresponding to your operating system for assistance!

> Please search for your problem in the [GitHub Issues][githubissues].  If there
> is no such issue, please create a new one [here][newissue]. If you have more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please search for your problem in the [GitHub Issues][githubissues].  If there
is no such issue, please [create a new one][newissue]. If you have more
```

> questions you can [join the Discord](https://discord.gg/qq7DDxjste).

Reviewer 2: There should be a comma there

> questions you can [join the Discord](https://discord.gg/qq7DDxjste).

Author: ```suggestion
questions, feel free to [join the Discord](https://discord.gg/qq7DDxjste).
```
